`MimirRolloutStuck`: critical if over 6h (#10890)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [ENHANCEMENT] Alerts: Add warning alert `DistributorGcUsesTooMuchCpu`. #10641
* [ENHANCEMENT] Dashboards: Add "Federation-frontend" dashboard for GEM. #10697 #10736
* [ENHANCEMENT] Alerts: Add "Federation-frontend" alert for remote clusters returning errors. #10698

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Alerts: Make `MimirRolloutStuck` a critical alert if it has been firing for 6h. #10890

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Alerts: Make `MimirRolloutStuck` a critical alert if it has been firing for more than six hours. #10890
```

Author: Thanks!
